Program Description: You are to write a program that keeps track of a bunch of vehicles.
 Each vehicle has one name and how many tires the vehicle has.  Each vehicle also keeps track of its worth.
 Trucks and busses are all worth $50,000 each.
 Trucks always report their worth by using the original price and then subtracting .25 a mile.
  The value of the cars is read in from the data file.
  There are then three different types of vehicles.
  The first type of vehicles, the cars, they like to keep track of how much money they are worth.
   The second type of vehicles are the trucks, they keep track of how many miles they take each and every day.
     The third type of vehicles are the buses, the buses keep a track of their home city.
      The vehicles will be designated in the data file by a 1 for the cars, a 2 for the trucks and a 3 for the busses.
       Within the data file, once a car is designated, it is followed by it’s name, it’s number of tires, then it’s worth.
        Once a truck is designated, it is followed by the truck’s name, then the number of tires, then the millage.
         Once a bus is designated, it is followed by the name of the bus,
         the number of tires on the bus and then the busses home town.
          You are to read the entire data file.

You are to calculate the total number of vehicles.  You are to calculate the total amount that the cars are worth.
You are to calculate the total amount that the vehicles are worth.
You are to report the longest home destination name for all of the busses.
 You are to report which truck has the least value.
  You are to report the total number of tires in each of the three classes of vehicles.

Required Statements: Interface, Superclass, subclass, ArrayList

You should use the following interface:

public interface names
{
	public String getName();
	public int getTire();
	public double getValue();
}


Data Location: prog702q.txt



result:
Total number of vehicles: 13
Total price of cars: 33950.0
Total price of all vehicles: 533950.0
Longest city name: GreenBay
Cheapest truck: Fred
Total number of tires on cars: 15
Total number of tires on trucks: 95
Total number of tires on buses: 69

Process finished with exit code 0


